Time and circumstance Don't always work in our favor
What might have been if we just have the chance?
Is something we may never know But God lets down and see
He knows us better than me He sees what we are and what more we could be
It's all in the way that we could no matter what talent you give
We possess on each one
To be is caring as food, so you're my friend
Cause you're always there, some downs and convales we've shared
And I'm made so much of heartlessly
But sometimes our tears maybe all that can't speak
Expressing what words cannot say
Through our ups and downs and through all we've shared
And I'm made so much of heartlessly